Lecture #27: week 15, lecture 1, Tuesday December 4

1. Final exam

   The final exam will be Thursday, December 13, 4:00-6:00 p.m, in these
   locations:

   All 010X sections (combined): Armory 0135
   All 020X sections (combined): Physics 1412

2. Quiz #5

   I have the graded quizzes and some other graded materials that were never
   picked up; remind me at the end of class to hand them out.

3. Project #4 results

   - clean compile/100

   - many people did well on hard project; good job.

4. Project #5

   It's posted.  Should find it easier than Project #4.

5. Practice final exam material

   - I have a set of review questions for the final that I'll post later
     this week.

   - I didn't write many of these questions (many were written by other
     instructors) .  The style of your exam will me much closer to this
     semester's quizzes, midterm, and practice worksheets than it will to
     these questions.  (In particular there are way too many true/false
     questions.)  They're still good for testing your knowledge of the
     material, and seeing what you might need to study more about, but I
     would prioritize being able to do the problems this semester's quizzes,
     midterm, and practice worksheets.

   - There are some questions on material we'll still be covering in the
     remaining lectures, plus some questions on material we don't get to at
     all (it's hard to predict exactly how much we'll get to by the end of
     the semester).

   - The answers will also be posted, but it's very important to try to
     solve the questions yourself, possibly with help in office hours,
     rather than just looking at the questions and answers (particularly for
     the coding or problem solving questions).  If you're not sure some of
     your answers are right, don't look at the answer, come to the TAs'
     office hours and ask.  If you don't know how to do any problems, come
     to the TAs' office hours and ask.

   - You're welcome (and encouraged) to study together for the final.

   - Start studying early.  The two biggest mistakes I see are people not
     testing their code themselves, and people waiting too long to study
     (waiting until an exam or quiz).  Ideally you should be looking over
     your notes after every lecture, or at least a few times a week, and
     being able to ask questions about things that you aren't sure about
     when they're still fresh in your mind (ideally right away).

6. Please fill out your University course evaluations!

   The college, the department, and your instructors want your feedback.

7. Important end of semester announcements

   - Regular office hours will end next Wednesday.  There will be extra
     office hours on Thursday before the final exam; schedule to be given
     in lecture on Thursday.

   - After the final exam there will be a delay of several days before
     submitting final grades- probably almost a week- because we can't
     grade the finals without the help of the TAs, and they have finals and
     exams also.  So after the final exam, please DO NOT send email to any
     of the instructional staff asking about your final grade.  If you
     don't see your final grade on Testudo, it doesn't exist yet- do busy
     waiting.

   - After final grades have been submitted, we'll post the average and any
     other available statistics about grades on the class webpage.

   - After final grades have been submitted, anyone interested may see
     their final exam- probably they'll all be in my office (Dr. Feamster's
     sections also)- but the University policy requires that I keep the
     final exams (you may look at it, but you may not keep it).  Contact me
     **after final grades have been submitted** if you want to see your
     final.

8. Student in Dr. Feamster's lecture who talked to me after the last time I
   covered.
