Lecture #22: week 12, lecture 1, Tuesday November 13

1. Exam #2

   - Practice questions (with solutions) are posted.  Don't just look at the
     questions or answers; you have to solve the problems.  If you have
     questions you're welcome to come to office hours.

   - The practice questions are NOT a guarantee of what your exam will look
     like; they're just a study aid to let you know what you know or what
     you might need to study more or ask questions about.

   - We also posted the exam from last semester in this course, which is
     useful practice, but it were not written by this semester's
     instructors.  Since everyone writes exams and projects a little
     differently, the practice exams that we wrote are the best guide to the
     types of questions that you might see (as well as your quizzes this
     semester, and the posted practice problems).

   - We may not have covered all the material these materials ask about (we
     may not get to it all today).  For this exam, just ignore anything that
     we don't cover.

   - At the exam:

     - Use pencil for the exam- not pen- so your answers are legible.
  
     - Bring your University ID number to the exam.
  
     - The campus Honor Pledge will be on the front page.  The Campus Senate
       requests that you write it in full and sign it on exams.  I'll give an
       extra minute for it at the end so it doesn't come out of your exam time.
  
     - You will LOSE CREDIT during grading if there are any pages on the exam
       that you haven't written your name on.  (Obviously the motivation is to
       get you to write your name on all the pages so we don't have to deduct
       credit from anyone.)  In the grading process the pages of everyone's
       exam are separated, and if you don't write your name on all the pages
       there's a chance one of your pages might get lost, and it takes much
       longer to grade the exams when we have to figure out which pages belong
       to whose exam.  Since it already takes a long time to grade the exams,
       it doesn't need to be made any longer unnecessarily.
  
     - You must be prepared to turn in your exam immediately at the end.

2. Practice problems about grammars

   They're posted.

   We may have some practice problems about parsing that we could post
   tonight.

3. Quiz #4

   Since the exam will be before you can get your quiz returned, for this
   quiz we'll post the questions and answers 

4. Project #2 secret tests

   The tests are now in the public directory on Grace.  Unfortunately we
   can't make the secret test results visible on the submit server yet, but
   you can run your program secret tests and see how it did.

5. Final exam

   The final exam will be Thursday, December 13, 4:00-6:00 p.m, in these
   locations:

   All 010X sections (combined): Armory 0135
   All 020X sections (combined): Physics 1412
