Lecture #11: week 6, lecture 2, Thursday October 4

1. Practice problems

   The next practice problem set, about automata transformations, was
   posted.

2. Project #1

   It was due yesterday, but recall that any project can be submitted late,
   with a relatively mild late penalty.  Be sure to read the posted project
   grading policy, so you know how your projects are going to be graded.
   It's three pages, we're not going to read it in class, but it's posted on
   the webpage available to be read.

   Emphasize that projects are individual work ONLY.  If you have trouble
   with something you can come to the TAs' office hours.

   Unfortunately we can't make the results for the secret tests visible on
   the submit server for a while- maybe a week or more.  We have a couple of
   students who have been very seriously ill who have extra time to work on
   the project as a result.  But it wouldn't really be fair if they were
   able to see all the secret test results even before submitting, unlike
   anyone else.

3. Project #2

   Look for it to be posted very soon.

4. Practice problems

   Recall that problems about automata transformations have been posted.  

5. Exam #1

   It's in a week, next Thursday (the 11th).

   I'm not sure how far it'll cover through; we'll have to see how far we
   get in class today.  I'll tell you on Tuesday.

   We have some practice exams that we'll post in a day or two (with
   solutions).  Don't just look at the questions or answers; you have to
   solve the problems.  If you have questions you're welcome to come to
   office hours.

   The sample exams are NOT a guarantee of what your exam will look like;
   they're just a study aid to let you know what you know or what you might
   need to study more or ask questions about.

   We'll also post some exams from recent semesters in this course, which
   are useful practice, but they were not written by this semester's
   instructors.  Since everyone writes exams and projects a little
   differently, the practice exams that we wrote are the best guide to the
   types of questions that you might see (as well as your quizzes this
   semester, and the posted practice problems).

   As of when we post these things, we may not have covered all the material
   they ask about.  Just ignore anything that we don't cover before the exam
   (although we will cover more material today and on Tuesday, and may end
   up covering everything that these practice exams ask about by then).

6. OCaml lists

   Talk about why sharing memory in lists might not be wanted in C or Java,
   but it's OK in OCaml (because usually new lists are returned without ever
   modifying existing lists).
