Lecture #29: week 16, lecture 1, Tuesday December 11

1. Final exam

   The final exam will be Thursday, December 13, 4:00-6:00 p.m, in these
   locations:

   All 010X sections (combined): Armory 0135
   All 020X sections (combined): Physics 1412

2. Unclaimed materials

   I have various graded materialsthat were never picked up, and some
   regraded exams; remind me at the end of class to hand them out.

3. Practice final exam material

   It's posted now.  Note the instructors this semester didn't write these
   questions; although they're good practice the style of questions on your
   final, difficulty, etc., will probably be closer to the exams and quizzes
   this semester than to these practice exams.  But they do have lots of
   good problems.

   Keep in mind that some of the material covered last week (lambda
   calculus, operational semantics, markup and query languages) was covered
   in more detail many times this course was taught.  You are only
   responsible for what was covered about these topics this semester, not
   what was covered in past semesters.

4. Important end of semester announcements

   - Regular office hours will end today.  There will be special office
     hours before the final exam, starting this afternoon; the schedule is
     on the class webpage.

   - After the final exam there will be a delay of several days before
     submitting final grades- probably almost a week- because we can't
     grade the finals without the help of the TAs, and they have finals and
     exams also.  So after the final exam, please DO NOT send email to any
     of the instructional staff asking about your final grade.  If you
     don't see your final grade on Testudo, it doesn't exist yet- do busy
     waiting.

   - After final grades have been submitted, we'll post the average and any
     other available statistics about grades on the class webpage.

   - After final grades have been submitted, anyone interested may see their
     final exam- probably they'll all be in my office (probably
     Dr. Feamster's sections also)- but the University policy requires that
     I keep the final exams (you may look at it, but you may not keep it).
     Contact me **after final grades have been submitted** if you want to
     see your final.
