Lecture #15: week 8, lecture 2, Thursday October 18

1. Quiz #3

   It'll be on Friday (on OCaml, more than was asked about on the exam).
   It's kind of soon after the exam, but since discussion is only once a
   week, in order to get two quizzes in before the second exam, and get them
   graded and returned before the second midterm, we need to have one this
   week.

2. Practice problems

   A few OCaml practice problems have been posted (they werent posted
   earlier because they use concepts that will be discussed in lecture
   today).  Doing them may be good practice for the quiz.

3. OCaml information

   Links to sources of OCaml information have been put on the class webpage
   (under "Administrative and Information"

4. Exam #1

   - You will be getting your exam back in discussion section tomorrow, so
     be sure to go.  (Also because of the quiz.)

   - The solutions will be posted soon, but it's strongly recommended that
     you first try to fix any mistakes in your answers yourself before
     looking at them.  You'll learn more by doing that than by just looking
     at solutions that someone else wrote.

   - In general you're welcome to compare your answers with your classmates;
     this may be very instructive.  However, please don't discuss the exam
     with anyone quite yet, because a few students had problems (were sick
     or whatever) and still have to take it soon.  This could also delay by
     a couple of days the solutions being posted.

   - The exam statistics and results (for both lectures combined) were as
     follows (when you can see the average on ELMS it may be a little
     different, because it may include students who didn't even show up to
     take the exam).  The results were good for a course like this.

     Average:            76.4
     Standard deviation: 11.9

     Distribution:                   90-100: 24
                                      80-89: 59
                                      70-79: 60
                                      60-69: 24
                                      50-59: 13
                                       < 50:  5

     APPROXIMATE letter grade ranges: 86-100: A
                                       76-85: B
                                       66-75: C
                                       55-65: D
                                        < 55: F

   - The letter grade range corresponding to your score doesn't enter into
     your final grade calculation.  Only your numeric exam score will be
     used in computing your final course grade.  These approximate grade
     ranges are certainly not a guarantee of anyone's final grade.  They're
     just to let you know how you did on this exam in relation to other
     students.  The final grades will include all the quizzes, projects,
     final, etc.  Some people have one low score but good scores on most
     other coursework and do fine.  (You're encouraged to come talk with me
     if you have any concerns about how you did.)

   - I suggest being less concerned about your numeric score, and more
     concerned about making sure you understand the mistakes you made, and
     learning whatever concepts correctly that you may not have known.

   - If you think there's a grading mistake don't write ANYTHING on your
     exam itself, (do not make any changes, alterations, notes, or anything
     in your answers), and AFTER comparing your answer to the solutions that
     will be posted, staple a sheet to it and write NO MORE THAN THREE
     SENTENCES explaining the problem.  (I'm sure that any problem in
     grading can be explained in just a few words.)  You can give it to me
     or to any of the TAs.

   - Please wait until AFTER the exam scores are posted before asking any
     questions about your exam grade or making any regrading requests.

5. Early-warning grades

   - We will be submitting early-warning grades soon (only for students in
     their first 30 credits at the University).

   - Explain what they are for students who are new to the University- just
     a grade given halfway through the semester, to let you know how you're
     doing when there's still plenty of time to pull up your grade if
     needed.

   - The early-warning grades are VERY preliminary- we will only had around
     25% of the total coursework submitted and graded to include in the
     early-warning grades (the first project, the first exam, and a couple
     of quizzes), so clearly even if your grade is low there is PLENTY of
     room to move up.  And if your score is currently high it's certainly no
     guarantee about your final course grade.  But if your score was low-
     meaning your quiz or Homework #1 scores were low, or some of them were
     not taken or submitted, you should be concentrating on what you need to
     do to pull your scores up.  Bottom line- it's certainly not anything
     close to a guarantee about your final course grade.

   - If anyone's concerned about their early-warning grade or exam grade, or
     standing in the class, please talk with me about it in office hours.  I
     think we would have to discuss it in person; it would not be possible
     to discuss in detail via email.

   - Even if your early-warning grade is where you want it to be, personally
     I think no one should ever think about dropping a course without
     talking with your instructor (and probably advisor) about it first.
