Lecture #21: week 11, lecture 2, Thursday November 8

1. Exam #2

   - Due to the weather cancellation Exam #2 will be next THURSDAY, November
     15, NOT next Tuesday the 13th.

   - It will definitely cover material up through today.  We'll have to see
     how far we get in class and let you know on Tuesday if it'll cover any
     material from that lecture.

   - Like before, we have some practice questions that we'll post soon (with
     solutions).  Don't just look at the questions or answers; you have to
     solve the problems.  If you have questions you're welcome to come to
     office hours.

   - The practice questions are NOT a guarantee of what your exam will look
     like; they're just a study aid to let you know what you know or what
     you might need to study more or ask questions about.

   - We'll also post some exams from recent semesters in this course, which
     are useful practice, but they were not written by this semester's
     instructors.  Since everyone writes exams and projects a little
     differently, the practice exams that we wrote are the best guide to the
     types of questions that you might see (as well as your quizzes this
     semester, and the posted practice problems).

   - As of when we post these things, we may not have covered all the
     material they ask about.  Just ignore anything that we don't cover
     before the exam.

   - At the exam:

     - Use pencil for the exam- not pen- so your answers are legible.
  
     - Bring your University ID number to the exam.
  
     - The campus Honor Pledge will be on the front page.  The Campus Senate
       requests that you write it in full and sign it on exams.  I'll give an
       extra minute for it at the end so it doesn't come out of your exam time.
  
     - You will LOSE CREDIT during grading if there are any pages on the exam
       that you haven't written your name on.  (Obviously the motivation is to
       get you to write your name on all the pages so we don't have to deduct
       credit from anyone.)  In the grading process the pages of everyone's
       exam are separated, and if you don't write your name on all the pages
       there's a chance one of your pages might get lost, and it takes much
       longer to grade the exams when we have to figure out which pages belong
       to whose exam.  Since it already takes a long time to grade the exams,
       it doesn't need to be made any longer unnecessarily.
  
     - You must be prepared to turn in your exam immediately at the end.

2. Practice problems about grammars

   - They're posted.

   - We may have more practice questions about parsing or the current
     topics, depending on how fast things go in lecture.

3. Test your grammar

   If you have to write an grammar for an exam or a quiz, you have to "test"
   it just like a program.  Of course you don't run it, unless you write a
   simulation of an grammar, but you trace it through mentally.  First
   identify what the language is, and what valid and invalid strings look
   like (before writing the grammar).  When you've written it, trace it
   through on valid strings of different forms, to make sure it generates
   all of them, and invalid strings of different forms and make sure it
   can't generate all of them.  Just like testing a method, be sure to check
   special cases and boundary cases, like the empty string, strings of
   length 1, any strings that are special based on the description of the
   langauge, etc.  If the grammar is supposed to be unambiguous, make sure
   it is.

4. Quiz #4

   - It'll be tomorrow.

   - It'll cover material since the last quiz- the last couple of topics
     about OCaml, and grammars.

   - Do the practice problems about grammars.

   - If we see that any of the prior semesters' quizzes look applicable
     we'll post them soon also.

   - Since the exam will be before you can get your quiz returned, for this
     quiz we'll post the questions and answers a few days after the quiz.

5. Project #3

   - It was due Monday, but recall that any project can be submitted late,
     with a relatively mild late penalty, meaning you can still turn it in
     until tonight.  Even if you have to turn it in late, or even if you
     have a project with a low score, you can still do fine in the course.

   - Projects are individual work ONLY.  If you have trouble with something
     you can come to the TAs' office hours.

6. Project #4

   Look for it soon.
