Lecture #24: week 13, lecture 1, Tuesday November 19

1. Final exam

   The final exam will be Thursday, December 13, 4:00-6:00 p.m, in these
   locations:

   All 010X sections (combined): Armory 0135
   All 020X sections (combined): Physics 1412

2. Exam #2

   The exam grading is not finished yet.  They're around half graded, so
   they won't be returned until after Thanksgiving.

   The results on two of the questions, including the OCaml coding question,
   look good so far.  What looks pretty bad is the question asking you to
   write a context-free grammar to generate simple UNIX commands, which
   involves the concepts of writing grammars to enforce precedence and
   associativity in a grammar.

   Consequently, we're going to have a quiz the Friday after Thanksgiving
   (November 30) specifically on that.

   Go back and reread those slides (about precedence and associativity in
   grammars), and bring questions in office hours after Thanksgiving if you
   have any.

   Also go back and redo the second set of practice problems about grammars
   (practice07), and bring questions in office hours after Thanksgiving if
   you don't understand how to do any of them, or if you aren't sure why the
   answers look the way that they do.

   We will try to add more problems to that problem set over Thanksgiving;
   if so you will have more to practice.

   IMPORTANT NOTE: Of the exams we graded so far, many students seemed to go
   to horrible contortions in their grammar for this question to avoid left
   recursive productions.  The ONLY PLACE where left-recursive productions
   are a problem is if you want to write a RECURSIVE DESCENT parser.  Other
   parsers DO NOT HAVE A PROBLEM with left-recursive productions.  And if
   you aren't writing a parser for a grammar (just using it to describe a
   language), there is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WRONG with writing left-recursive
   productions.  And if you are told that your grammar has to enforce
   left-associatiativity of some operators, or to generate sequences of
   things from left to right, THEN YOU **HAVE TO** USE LEFT-RECURSIVE
   PRODUCIONS.  So don't be afraid to, unless you happen to be writing a
   recursive descent parser.

3. Practice problems

   Some practice problems about parameters will also be posted soon.
