Lecture #16: week 9, lecture 1, Tuesday October 23

1. Exam #1

   - They were returned in discussion on Friday.  If you weren't there you
     can pick up your exam during any of my scheduled office hours.

   - The solutions are posted.

   - If after comparing your answers to the posted solutions you think
     there's a grading mistake don't write ANYTHING on your exam itself, (do
     not make any changes, alterations, notes, or anything in your answers),
     and AFTER comparing your answer to the solutions that will be posted,
     staple a sheet to it and write NO MORE THAN THREE SENTENCES explaining
     the problem.  (I'm sure that any problem in grading can be explained in
     just a few words.)  You can give it to me or to any of the TAs.  It
     will be returned in discussion section later.

   - If anyone's concerned about their exam grade or how they're doing in
     the class, please talk with me about it in office hours.  I think we
     would have to discuss it in person; it would not be possible to discuss
     in detail via email.

   - Even if your grades aren't where you want them to be, personally I
     think no one should ever think about dropping a course without talking
     with your instructor (and probably advisor) about it first.

2. Early-warning grades

   Check your early-warning grades (only students in their first 30 credits).

3. Project #2

   It was due yesterday, but as the project grading policy says, any project
   can be submitted up to two days late (with a relatively small late
   penalty per day).

   Projects are individual work ONLY.

4. Project #3

   It will be posted imminently.

5. Project #1

   The grades are now visible on Grace (although the test results are not
   visible on the submit server yet, for reasons previously discussed,
   although they should be soon).

6. Examples on Grace

   Keep in mind that some of the discussion section examples are in the
   public directory on Grace, where you can see them, copy them to your
   directory and run them, etc.

7. 400-level lecture series

   Briefly tell the students about it- the faculty who teach upper-level
   courses talk about them so you can get a better idea of what courses you
   might want to take (much more information than the catalog
   description).  (The second night is tomorrow, 4:30, CSI 1115.)
