Lecture #25: week 14, lecture 1, Tuesday November 27

1. Final exam

   The final exam will be Thursday, December 13, 4:00-6:00 p.m, in these
   locations:

   All 010X sections (combined): Armory 0135
   All 020X sections (combined): Physics 1412

2. Exam #2 results

   - I will be returning the exams at the end of lecture today.

   - The solutions will be posted soon, but it's strongly recommended that
     you first try to fix any mistakes in your answers yourself before
     looking at them.  You'll learn more by doing that than by just looking
     at solutions that someone else wrote.

   - You're welcome to compare your answers with your friends; this may be
     very instructive.

   - The exam statistics and results (for both lectures combined) were as
     follows (when you can see the average on ELMS it may be a little
     different, because it includes students who didn't even show up to take
     the exam).  The results were not as good as Exam #1 but were not
     terrible.

     Average:            71.2 (Exam #1 was 76.4)
     Standard deviation: 16.8 (Exam #1 was 11.9; much higher this time,
                               meaning the grades were much more spread out)

     Distribution:                   90-100: 24
                                      80-89: 44
                                      70-79: 37
                                      60-69: 27
                                      50-59: 28
                                       < 50: 23 

     APPROXIMATE letter grade ranges: 87-100: A
                                       75-86: B
                                       55-74: C
                                        < 55: D/F

   - The letter grade range corresponding to your score doesn't enter into
     your final grade calculation.  Only your numeric exam score will be
     used in computing your final course grade.  These approximate grade
     ranges are certainly not a guarantee of anyone's final grade.  They're
     just to let you know how you did on this exam in relation to other
     students.  The final grades will include all the quizzes, projects,
     final, etc.  Some people have one low score but good scores on most
     other coursework and do fine.  (You're encouraged to come talk with me
     in office hours if you have any concerns about how you did.)  The
     important thing if you didn't do well is to come to office hours to get
     caught up with the material that you had trouble with.

   - I suggest being less concerned about your numeric score, and more
     concerned about making sure you understand the mistakes you made, and
     learning whatever concepts correctly that you may not have known.

   - If you think there's a grading mistake don't write ANYTHING on your
     exam itself, (do not make any changes, alterations, notes, or anything
     in your answers), and AFTER comparing your answer to the solutions that
     will be posted, staple a sheet to it and write NO MORE THAN THREE
     SENTENCES explaining the problem.  (I'm sure that any problem in
     grading can be explained in just a few words.)  You can give it to me
     or to any of the TAs.

   - Please wait until AFTER the exam scores are posted before asking any
     questions about your exam grade or making any regrading requests.

3. Exam results and Friday quiz

   The results on two of the questions, including the OCaml coding question,
   were good.  What was not good was the question asking you to write a
   context-free grammar to generate simple UNIX commands, which involves the
   concepts of writing grammars to enforce precedence and associativity in a
   grammar.

   Consequently, we're going to have a quiz this Friday specifically on
   that.

   Go back and reread those slides (about precedence and associativity in
   grammars), and bring questions in office hours this week if you have any.

   Also go back and redo the second set of practice problems about grammars
   (practice07), and bring questions in office hours if you don't understand
   how to do any of them, or if you aren't sure why the answers look the way
   that they do.

   We added more problems to that problem set (#1 (d) through (h) so you
   have more to practice.

   IMPORTANT NOTE: Many students seemed to go to horrible contortions in
   their grammar for this question to avoid left recursive productions.  The
   ONLY PLACE where left-recursive productions are a problem is if you want
   to write a RECURSIVE DESCENT parser.  Other parsers DO NOT HAVE A PROBLEM
   with left-recursive productions.  And if you aren't writing a parser for
   a grammar (just using it to describe a language), there is ABSOLUTELY
   NOTHING WRONG with writing left-recursive productions.  And if you are
   told that your grammar has to enforce left-associatiativity of some
   operators, or to generate sequences of things from left to right, THEN
   YOU **HAVE TO** USE LEFT-RECURSIVE PRODUCIONS.  So don't be afraid to,
   unless you happen to be writing a recursive descent parser.

4. Practice problems

   More practice problems (parsing and parameters) have been posted.

5. Anirudh Shivkumar (Larry's section)

   I need his medical documentation.
