Lecture #14: week 8, lecture 1, Tuesday October 16

1. Quiz #3

   It'll be on Friday (on OCaml, more than was asked about on the exam).
   It's kind of soon after the exam, but since discussion is only once a
   week, in order to get two quizzes in before the second exam, and get them
   graded and returned before the second midterm, we need to have one this
   week.

2. Exam #1

   You should be getting it back in discussion on Friday, so be sure to go.
   (Also because of the quiz.)

3. Project #1

   Unfortunately we still can't make the results for the secret tests
   visible on the submit server quite yet.  We have a couple of students who
   have been very seriously ill who have extra time to work on the project
   as a result.  But it wouldn't really be fair if they were able to see all
   the secret test results even before submitting, unlike anyone else.
   Hopefully these things will be resolved and the secret tests will be
   available soon.

   When they are made available, we'll make their results visible on the
   submit server and also put the secret test inputs and outputs in the
   public class directory on the Grace machines- the same directory where
   the public test files originally were- so if you missed some of them you
   can run your program on them and see what you got wrong and why.

4. Early-warning grades

   For students who are fairly new to the University (have less than 30
   credits here so far)- the University has something called early-warning
   grades, which we'll be submitting later this week.  The idea is to give
   some idea how you're doing in the middle of the semester, when there's
   still time to pull your grade up if needed.

   Only students in their first 30 credits will get early-warning grades, so
   most of you won't.

   The early-warning grade are very preliminary since we've only had around
   25% of the total coursework so far (meaning once the exam is graded), so
   clearly even if your early-warning grade is low there is plenty of room
   to move up.  And if your score is currently high it's certainly no
   guarantee about your final course grade.  But if your score is low you
   should be seriously concentrating on what you need to do to pull their
   scores up.

   If anyone's concerned about their early-warning grade, please talk with
   me about it in person (not email) during my office hours.

   Even if your early-warning grade is not where you want it to be, I think
   no one should ever think about dropping a course without talking with
   their instructor (and probably advisor) about it first.
