Lecture #1: week 1, lecture 1, Thursday August 30

1. Syllabus

   The syllabus will be ready soon (if it's not already).  Students should
   read the syllabus carefully.

2. Webpage and ELMS

   We'll be using a class webpage for some information, and using the
   University's ELMS system to keep grades and post assignments.

   webpage URL: www.cs.umd.edu/class/fall2012/cmsc330
   ELMS URL:    www.elms.umd.edu

   These may not quite be set up yet, but if not should be soon.

3. Text/material

   There's no recommended or required textbook this semester, just the class
   material.

   Pointers to resources for the languages will be available on the class
   webpage.

   We'll post copies of the lecture slides on ELMS.

4. Attendance

   Talk about how important attendance is, and the typical workload of this
   course in the past (many students say it's similar to the preceding
   course, CMSC 216).

5. Discussion section tomorrow

   Tomorrow's discussion sections will be CANCELLED, since we won't have
   covered enough material yet for the TAs to do very much.  The first
   discussion section will be next Friday.

6. Grace and TerpConnect account

   Programming will be done on the Grace cluster.  You will log into it
   using your directory ID and password (called your TerpConnect account).
   If you haven't used your TerpConnect account before, activate it now at
   www.oit.umd.edu/new.  Once it's activated you should be able to log onto
   the Grace cluster at grace.umd.edu (a cluster of Linux machines).

   I'm assuming that everyone can use Linux, since it's taught and used in
   CMSC 216.  If anyone is transferring here starting with this course and
   doesn't have any UNIX/Linux experience, see me afterward; I can give you
   a copy of the CMSC 216 UNIX tutorial which you should read ASAP.

7. Syllabus

   Talk briefly about any other policies on the syllabus that seem useful to
   mention (and that are definite by now).

   The course will have:
     - two midterms
     - a final
     - five or six programming projects
     - four to six quizzes in discussion section (every couple of weeks)

   There will also be various practice problem sets provided, which will not
   be collected or graded, but are extremely important to do to be able to
   learn the material.  Solutions will be provided also.

   The first project will probably be assigned sometime later next week.

   We will be using an online forum called Piazza (www.piazza.com) where
   questions can be asked and answered.  If you can't sign into it yet you
   should be able to soon.

8. Academic integrity

   The University's academic integrity policies will be strictly enforced.
   In particular, projects will be individual work ONLY.

   Don't use Piazza to ask or explain how you implemented any part of a
   project (conceptual questions or questions about project requirements
   only).

9. In Larry's lecture at least

   No electronic devices (cell phones, tablets, laptops) in class.
